# dismathportfolio-trishadevera
dismathportfolio-trishadevera created by Classroom for GitHub

# Week 1
In this week, I was introduced to logic and proofs. I learned that a proposition is a statement or a declarative sentence that is either true or false, but not both. I also learned about the different logical connectives such as Negation, Conjunction, Disjunction, Exclusive Or, Conditional, and Biconditional and their corresponding symbol and usage. Furthermore, I also acquired information about how these operators are used in statements. Moreover, truth tables were taught on this same week. I learned that they can be used to prove the equivalence of two or more logical expressions. Also, I was introduced to conditional statements such as converse, contrapositive, and inverse.

# Week 2
This week, I was introduced to the idea og Logical Equivalences. I learned that compound propositions that have the same truth values in all cases are logically equivalent. Furthermore, I learned that logical expressions can be proven, not only by truth values, but also by logical equivalences namely, Identity, Domination, Idempotent, Double negation, Commutative, Associative, Distributive, De Morgan's, Absorption, and Negations laws. I also learned that, sometimes, they are more convenient to use rather than truth tables in terms of proving equivalences. Predicate logic was introduced which gave me an idea about it being similar to the english language of subject and predicate but instead of just looking at the grammar, we would look at the logic of the statement and use the subject and predicate as functions and translate them to equations. I was also introduced to quantifiers such as Universal, meaning a property is true for all values of a variable in a domain, and Existensial, meaning a property is true if and only if P(x) is true for at least one value of x. 
Superman Homework on rules of inference was also learned by the class before the topic was even discussed.

# Week 3
The topics for this week were about the argument, rules of inference, and methods of proof. I learned that an argument, in discrete mathematics, is a sequence of statements which end with a conclusion. I also learned that it can be classified as valid if the conclusion of an argument must follow from the truth of the preceding premises. On the other hand, an argument which is classified as a fallacy has a contradicting premise and conclusion. I learned that to classify an argument as valid or invalid, we could use the rules of inference by applying them to each premise of an argument and arriving at an answer. I also learned about the methods of proofs such as direct, contraposition, vacuous, trivial, and contradiction. 
